Reference for stage 4 change-array-by-copy (#25488)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/array/@@species/index.md

The **`Array[@@species]`** static accessor property returns the constructor used to construct return values from array methods.

> > **Warning:** The existence of `@@species` allows execution of arbitrary code and may create security vulnerabilities. It also makes certain optimizations much harder. Engine implementers are [investigating whether to remove this feature](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-rm-builtin-subclassing). Avoid relying on it if possible. New array methods, such as {{jsxref("Array/toReversed", "toReversed()")}}, do not use `@@species` and always return a new `Array` base class instance.

Reviewer: "New array methods" will not age well. They are new now, but in a few years, they won't be new.

Author: The thing I want to emphasize is that there's a time after which the committee stops using `@@species`, otherwise there's no way to explain the arbitrary inconsistency. Is there a better phrasing?

Reviewer: Tentative:
```suggestion
> **Warning:** The existence of `@@species` allows the execution of arbitrary code and may create security vulnerabilities. It also makes specific optimizations much harder. Engine implementers are [investigating whether to remove this feature](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-rm-builtin-subclassing). Avoid relying on it if possible. Modern array methods, such as {{jsxref("Array/toReversed", "toReversed()")}}, do not use `@@species` and always return a new `Array` base class instance.
```

Author: Thanks—I like "Modern". However, the previous sentences are duplicated across all `@@species` pages, so it would take a separate PR to update them, if one feels strongly.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** The existence of `@@species` allows execution of arbitrary code and may create security vulnerabilities. It also makes certain optimizations much harder. Engine implementers are [investigating whether to remove this feature](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-rm-builtin-subclassing). Avoid relying on it if possible. Modern array methods, such as {{jsxref("Array/toReversed", "toReversed()")}}, do not use `@@species` and always return a new `Array` base class instance.
```
